frontend/README-HTTPS.md, before:

# HTTPS dla Developmentu

Aplikacja używa HTTPS w trybie deweloperskim, aby geolokalizacja działała na telefonie.

## Jak to działa

1. Vite automatycznie generuje self-signed certificate
2. Przy pierwszym uruchomieniu przeglądarka pokaże ostrzeżenie o niezaufanym certyfikacie
3. Musisz zaakceptować certyfikat (kliknij "Zaawansowane" → "Przejdź do strony")

## Uruchomienie

```bash
npm run dev
```

Serwer będzie dostępny pod adresem `https://localhost:5173` (lub inny port jeśli 5173 jest zajęty).

## Dostęp z telefonu

1. Upewnij się, że komputer i telefon są w tej samej sieci WiFi
2. Znajdź IP komputera:
   - Windows: `ipconfig` → szukaj "IPv4 Address"
   - Mac/Linux: `ifconfig` lub `ip addr`
3. Na telefonie otwórz: `https://[IP-KOMPUTERA]:5173`
   - Np. `https://192.168.1.100:5173`
4. Zaakceptuj ostrzeżenie o certyfikacie (self-signed)

## Uwaga

- Self-signed certificate może wymagać akceptacji w przeglądarce
- Niektóre przeglądarki mogą blokować self-signed certificates - wtedy użyj Chrome lub Firefox
- Na produkcji użyj prawidłowego certyfikatu SSL (Let's Encrypt, etc.)

Commit message:

Add operator markers on map, cancel request functionality, and retry button
- Add operator location (lat/lng) to backend API response
- Display nearby operators on map with tow truck icon (max 10 closest)
- Add cancel request endpoint and frontend integration
- Add 'Anuluj' (Cancel) button during request search
- Implement retry button navigation back to map with pre-filled locations
- Fix missing useNavigate import in UserApp
- Remove mobile network configuration (reverted to localhost only)
- Translate documentation files to English

frontend/README-HTTPS.md, after:

# HTTPS for Development

The application uses HTTPS in development mode so geolocation works on mobile devices.

## How it works

1. Vite automatically generates a self-signed certificate
2. On first run, the browser will show a warning about an untrusted certificate
3. You must accept the certificate (click "Advanced" → "Proceed to site")

## Running

```bash
npm run dev
```

The server will be available at `https://localhost:5173` (or another port if 5173 is taken).

## Access from phone

1. Make sure the computer and phone are on the same WiFi network
2. Find the computer's IP:
   - Windows: `ipconfig` → look for "IPv4 Address"
   - Mac/Linux: `ifconfig` or `ip addr`
3. On your phone, open: `https://[COMPUTER-IP]:5173`
   - E.g. `https://192.168.1.100:5173`
4. Accept the certificate warning (self-signed)

## Notes

- Self-signed certificate may require acceptance in the browser
- Some browsers may block self-signed certificates - then use Chrome or Firefox
- In production, use a proper SSL certificate (Let's Encrypt, etc.)
